--- page 1 ---

Coordinated with foreign agents and customers to manage 
shipment, respective details and tracking effectively.
Promoted a customer-centric approach to align operational 
decisions with customer needs.
Encouraged a culture of continuous improvement by 
inviting team input on enhancing operational processes.
Conduct market research for competitive pricing.
Negotiate terms/rates with multiple agents.
Prepare proﬁt performance  reports for management.
Responsible for developing and implementing competitive 
pricing strategies that optimize proﬁtability while ensuring 
compliance with regulatory standards.
Relevant Courses: 
       Shipping Operations &Management
       Port Operations &Management
       Maritime Logistics 
       Ship Chartering 
Available upon request.
Results-driven Maritime and Business Management graduate with an impressive 3.93 
CGPA from Bahria University Karachi Campus. I used to serve as an Import Pricing 
Manager at Awan Maritime, where I leveraged my analytical skills to optimize pricing 
strategies and drive operational efﬁciency. Prior to that, I excelled as a Consolidation 
Planner/ Operations Head at NEWS Logistics, that helped me hone my abilities. With 
strong communication skills and a critical thinking approach, I am passionate about 
achieving strategic goals and delivering value. 
I
I am eager to join a dynamic organization that fosters growth and offers diverse 
opportunities for professional development in the maritime and business sectors.
Photography 
Computer games
Movies
Travelling
Operations & Planning Department
DP World - QICT
Nov 2023 - Dec 2023
National Institute of Oceanography 
Feb 2022 - Feb 2022 
English
Urdu
Fast learner
Ability to multitask
Microsoft Ofﬁce
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Powerpoint
Adobe Photoshop
 Adobe Photoshop
Team worker
Gulistan-e-Jauhar,
Karachi, Pakistan
LinkedIn
muhammad-jahanzaib122
E-mail
jahanzaib122@hotmail.com
Phone
+92 315 205 1411
+60 11 7113 6929
MUHAMMAD JAHANZAIB
